"generated-design-gallery"

LINK: https://pete8751.github.io/generated-design-gallery/

This project is an art gallery website. It consists of AI generate art, and I plan to add a feature for this art to be generated by users on the website.
It is fullstack, and hence I have created the database (Postgresql) and server, which I am hosting on render. The frontend is hosted on github pages.
In this project I am mainly focusing on Backend, as I am working on gaining more expertise in creating RESTful APIs, and optimizing databases.
To see the server files for this project, go to the backend version of this repo.

I am also experimenting with cookies on this project, which remove the need to login to the page, hence avoiding unnecessary communication with the backend.
I may add a login feature down the line, however I am currently more interested in working with cookies.

Please note that since the Backend is hosted on a free hosting service (Render), there is a windup time of around 7-8 seconds, after which the website
will begin communicating with the server and database at normal speeds.

======================================================================================================================================================


Currently: I am essentially done with the Backend part of this project, and have started working on the frontend. I have made the footers/headers
of the project aesthetic, and have increased responsiveness. I am now working on making the body of each page look better, and adding some final functionality.

TODO: 
1. Style the body of each page (Make Filter Panel static and scrollable, improve default Like page state, etc).
2. Make website fully responsive.
3. Improve load visuals (Make pages look better while data is loading in).
4. Initiate a download when user purchases in the cart.
5. Add a Success page, as well as an About page.

